Allow hyphens in fides_key (#347)
ethyca/fides: docs/fides/docs/language/taxonomy/data_subjects.md

## Object Structure

**fides_key**<span class="required"/>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;_constrained string_

> A string token of your own invention that uniquely identifies this Data Subject. It's your responsibility to ensure that the value is unique across all of your Data Subject objects. The value should only contain alphanumeric characters and underbars (`[A-Za-z0-9_.-]`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A custom string token that uniquely identifies this Data Subject. It must be unique across all Data Subject objects. The value may only contain alphanumeric characters, `_`, `.`, and `-` (it will be evaluated against the regular expression: `[A-z0-9_.-]`).
```

> A string token of your own invention that uniquely identifies this Data Subject. It's your responsibility to ensure that the value is unique across all of your Data Subject objects. The value should only contain alphanumeric characters and underscores (`[A-Za-z0-9_.-]`).

Reviewer 2: It looks like one or two of these may allow a hyphen still but only call it underscore, could be intentional tho so not holding anything up 🙌🏽  bye-bye-underbar!
